Documentation for HA - Compute Isolation (#1104)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/pipelines/pages/submitting-jobs.adoc

* Map features such as EntryProcessor or MapLoader and MapStore
====

=== Isolated Jobs

To activate isolated jobs, your license key must include `Advanced Compute`.

You can run Jet jobs on a specific set of members. Jobs run this way are known as isolated jobs.

> 

Reviewer: We should include some information on the guarantees of "isolated jobs" here - we are able to maintain the majority of normal job guarantees, but there are some caveats. @Fly-Style could you please provide more detail to add here?

Reviewer 2: Sure.  For "Isolated Jobs" we support 
- auto-scaling
- fault-tolerance (both `AT_LEAST_ONCE` and `EXACTLY_ONCE`)
- split-brain protection
- metrics

Reviewer: What is not supported for "isolated jobs" but is for normal jobs? @Fly-Style

Author: Updated with supported list

NOTE: Before using isolated jobs, ensure that the processing element of the job is substanitally more resource-intensive than the data retrieval element. Although isolating computation from storage can mean that your storage components benefit from the reduced resource workload, serving the data still has some impact and you must ensure that isolated jobs provide the right balance for your needs.

This approach is particularly useful in the following situations:

> * When you want to run the job on a lite member to isolate computation from storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When you want to run the job on lite members only to isolate computation from storage
```

Author: Updated

* When you want to run the job on an edge node to take advantage of edge computing

You can use the Hazelcast Java client to submit your isolated job as follows:

```java
HazelcastInstance hz = HazelcastClient.newHazelcastClient();
// ... 
Map map = hz.getMap(MAP_NAME);

Pipeline p = Pipeline.create()
                .readFrom(Sources.map(map))
                .map(Entry::getValue)
                .writeTo(sink)
                .getPipeline();

Job job = hz.getJet()
        .newJobBuilder(p)

>         .withMemberSelector(ALL_LITE_MEMBERS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        .withMemberSelector(JetMemberSelector.ALL_LITE_MEMBERS)
```

Author: Updated

* Map features such as EntryProcessor or MapLoader and MapStore
====

=== Job Placement Control

To activate job placement, your license key must include `Advanced Compute`.

> You can define which members an individual Jet job runs on. This is known as job placement.

Reviewer 3: Maybe one instance where we could mention compute isolation? e.g. 'known as job placement or _compute isolation_' Could understand if we want to omit though it seemed a natural place if we did want to include the term.

* Map features such as EntryProcessor or MapLoader and MapStore
====

> === Job Placement
> 
> To activate job placement, your license key must include `Advanced Compute`.
> 
> You can run Jet jobs on a specific set of members. This is known as job placement.
> 
> This approach is particularly useful in the following situations:
> 
> * When you want to run the job on a lite member to isolate computation from storage
> +
> NOTE: Before isolating your computation, ensure that the processing element of the job is substanitally more resource-intensive than the data retrieval element. Although isolating computation from storage can mean that your storage components benefit from the reduced resource workload, serving the data still has some impact and you must ensure that isolated jobs provide the right balance for your needs.
> 
> * When you want to run the job on an edge node to take advantage of edge computing
> 
> Job placement supports the following:
> 
> * Auto-scaling
> * `AT_LEAST_ONCE` and `EXACTLY_ONCE` Fault-tolerance
> * Split-brain protection
> * Metrics
> 
> You can use the Hazelcast Java client to submit your job to specific members as follows:
> 
> ```java
> HazelcastInstance hz = HazelcastClient.newHazelcastClient();
> // ... 
> Map map = hz.getMap(MAP_NAME);
> 
> Pipeline p = Pipeline.create()
>                 .readFrom(Sources.map(map))
>                 .map(Entry::getValue)
>                 .writeTo(sink)
>                 .getPipeline();
> 
> Job job = hz.getJet()
>         .newJobBuilder(p)
>         .withMemberSelector(JetMemberSelector.ALL_LITE_MEMBERS)
>         .start();
> ```
> 
> For further information on job placement, see xref:pipelines:compute-isolation.adoc[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Job Placement Control

To activate job placement control, your license key must include `Advanced Compute`.

You can define which members an individual Jet job runs on. This is known as job placement control.

This approach is particularly useful in the following situations:

* When you want to run the job on a lite member to isolate computation from storage
+
NOTE: Before isolating your computation, ensure that the processing element of the job is substantially more resource-intensive than the data retrieval element. Although isolating computation from storage can mean that your storage components benefit from the reduced resource workload, serving the data still has some impact and you must ensure that isolated jobs provide the right balance for your needs.

* When you want to run the job on an edge node to take advantage of edge computing

Job placement control supports the following Jet guarantees:

* Auto-scaling
* `AT_LEAST_ONCE` and `EXACTLY_ONCE` Fault-tolerance
* Split-brain protection
* Metrics

You can use the Hazelcast Java client to submit your job to specific members as follows:

```java
HazelcastInstance hz = HazelcastClient.newHazelcastClient();
// ... 
Map map = hz.getMap(MAP_NAME);

Pipeline p = Pipeline.create()
                .readFrom(Sources.map(map))
                .map(Entry::getValue)
                .writeTo(sink)
                .getPipeline();

Job job = hz.getJet()
        .newJobBuilder(p)
        .withMemberSelector(JetMemberSelector.ALL_LITE_MEMBERS)
        .start();
```

For further information on job placement control, see xref:pipelines:compute-isolation.adoc[].
```
